Refactor Branch to modify Collection name from "bloxone" to "universal_ddi" (#73)
infobloxopen/bloxone-ansible: README.md

# Infoblox BloxOne Collection for Ansible

The Infoblox BloxOne Collection (`infoblox.universal_ddi`) includes a variety of Ansible modules to help automate the management of BloxOne services. 

## Version Information

### What's new in v2
- The collection has been renamed from `b1ddi_modules` to `universal_ddi`.

> - The modules are renamed to follow the BloxOne API naming conventions. The old module names are deprecated and will be removed in the next major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The modules are renamed to follow the Universal DDI API naming conventions. The old module names are deprecated and will be removed in the next major release.
```

Author: fixed
